README.md, before:

# Raspberry Pi

This repository holds the code that is run on the Raspberry Pi.

## Set Up Python

Follow these directions to set up the Python envrionment so multiple Pi's can be worked on at once:

1. Run the following:

```
    $ sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y make build-essential libssl-dev zlib1g-dev libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev wget curl openssl bzip2 pkg-config libboost-python-dev libboost-thread-dev libbluetooth-dev libglib2.0-dev python-dev
```

2. Install pyenv:

```
    $ curl https://pyenv.run | bash
```

3. Add the following to your `~/.bashrc` file:


```
export PATH="~/.pyenv/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"
```

4. Restart your shell:

```
    $ exec $SHELL
```

5. Install Python 3.6.0

```
    $ pyenv install 3.6.0
```

6. Create a new virtualenv

```
    $ pyenv virtualenv 3.6.0 capstone-3.6.0
```

7. Use the virtualenv:

```
    $ pyenv global capstone-3.6.0
```

8. Install pybluez

```
    $ pip install pybluez pybluez[ble]
```

At this point, you should now have a virtualenv set up with the minimum requirements. Ensure to capture any other necessary steps in this README.

Commit message:

Add steps for missing shared object file

README.md, after:

# Raspberry Pi

This repository holds the code that is run on the Raspberry Pi.

## Set Up Python

Follow these directions to set up the Python envrionment so multiple Pi's can be worked on at once:

1. Run the following:

```
    $ sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y make build-essential libssl-dev zlib1g-dev libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev wget curl openssl bzip2 pkg-config libboost-python-dev libboost-thread-dev libbluetooth-dev libglib2.0-dev python-dev
```

2. Install pyenv:

```
    $ curl https://pyenv.run | bash
```

3. Add the following to your `~/.bashrc` file:


```
export PATH="~/.pyenv/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"
```

4. Restart your shell:

```
    $ exec $SHELL
```

5. Install Python 3.6.0

```
    $ pyenv install 3.6.0
```

6. Create a new virtualenv

```
    $ pyenv virtualenv 3.6.0 capstone-3.6.0
```

7. Use the virtualenv:

```
    $ pyenv global capstone-3.6.0
```

8. Install pybluez

```
    $ pip install pybluez pybluez[ble]
```

There are some cases where installing the gattlib library fails. To fix this, you will likely need to do the following to symlink the shared object file that is 'missing':

```
$ cd /usr/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf
$ sudo ln -s libboost_python3_py37.so libboost_python36.so

At this point, you should now have a virtualenv set up with the minimum requirements. Ensure to capture any other necessary steps in this README.
